Adding notes for browser compatibility with Manticore testing of Audio (#511)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Speech and Audio/Getting Microphone Audio/index.md

SDL does not support an open microphone. However, SDL is working on wake-word support in the future. You may implement a voice command and start an audio pass thru session when that voice command occurs.
!!!

!!! NOTE

> Testing with [Manticore](https://smartdevicelink.com/resources/manticore/#support-notes) does not currently support the RPC PerformAudioPassThru.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Manticore](https://smartdevicelink.com/resources/manticore/) [does not currently support](https://smartdevicelink.com/resources/manticore/#support-notes) the `PerformAudioPassThru` RPC used for getting microphone audio.
```
